Contents:
- 1.0: Entities and static objects
- 2.0: Modifying the configurations file
- 3.0: Level codes

1.0: Entities and static objects:

The game is split up in 2 catagories each with different physics:
- Static Objects / Blocks
- Entities

What is a Static Object:

A static object is defined as a block (Air, Wall, TeleStop, Lever, Lock, etc.)
Static objects can be placed at multiple positions and get rendered first, they contain simple logic like stopping entities and manipulating other static objects.
Static objects rely on global variables to define how they should behave and look, these are shared across all static objects that have the same Object Code (OC)

What is an Entitiy:

An entitiy (Player, Flag, Mouse, etc.) is defined as a unique gameplay element (UGE) and can not manipulate static objects.
They have their own logic and tilesystem and have full control over inputs and other entities.
Unlike Static Objects, these have one unique hardcoded position per level (OUHPPL) and can be placed once.
Entities can check level spaces using the Universal Tilesystem for Ender Flynnies (UTE) and set code exception flags (CEF) that are handled using cutscenes


2.0: Modifying the configurations file:

The config file is located in %GAME_PATH%\config.txt
This file stores all settings for the game, including Dark Mode, New TeleStop Textures, and options for muting channels
All configurations are split by a pipe ('|'), so the config file should look like this:
True|False|True|True|False
These values are decoded using the python split function

Values can also be an integer, please note that these values have no limit unlike in the Ender Flynnies Control Panel (EFCP)

If not required, please don't modify the config file


If you delete the config file all settings will return to default and the game will create a new configurations file

DO NOT MOVE THE CONFIGURATIONS FILE IT WILL RESET ALL SETTINGS


3.0: Level codes:

The level codes are:

0: Air - No objects have effects on this block.
1: Wall - All entities stop but pearl can move through.
2: TeleStop - Nothing can go through, pearl also stops.
3: Lever - Levers can be toggled by pressing enter (return) when the player is standing on it, this block is not solid.
4: Lock - Dissappears when the lever is activated.
5: Reset Latch - When stepped on by the player, resets all levers to off, this block is not solid.
6: Reverse Lever - Appears when lever is activated.
7: Reverse Reset Latch - When Stepped on by the player, sets all levers to on, this block is not solid.
8: Path - This is a decoration and acts like a background tile

Copyright KyriWorks Inc. 2023 - 2026, do not modify any source code.